Rule Tiles
	Rule tiles are included as a convenience to speed up the process of level creation. If you have any questions, refer to the Unity 2D Tilemap Extras package documentation.

	The Scenes labeled with "(RuleTiles)" make use of Rule Tiles.
	In order to show the scene properly and make use of Rule Tiles, you may need to download and import the 2D Tilemap Extras package.
	If you are using a Unity Version 2020 or older, you will need to enable preview packages in "Package Manager > Advanced Project Settings > Enable Preview Packages."
	If you are using a Unity Version 2021 or newer, the package should appear in the Unity Registry as a standard package.

	You can find the Rule Tiles in the Tile Palette Tab. Open the drop down and select: "DD Rule Tiles"
	Minifantasy Rule Tiles appear red with an X symbol in the Tile Palette. This is because the default sprite is set to this "incomplete" sprite.
	When using Minifantasy Rule Tiles, an incomplete sprite represents an incomplete grouping of rule tiles. When working properly, you should see no incomplete sprites.
	
	You may change these settings by opening the Rule Tile object in the pack directory under: "Tile Palettes > Rule Tiles."

	Rule Tiles Included in Minifantasy Desolate Desert:
		Row 1 - Road | Dirt | Sand Packed | Sand Loose | Grass
		Row 2 - Rock Cliff | Water-Grass Transition | Water-Dirt Transition | Water-Sand Transition

Tile Shadows
	When tiles have corresponding shadow tiles, they are placed in the same tile palette.
	You can find the corresponding shadow tiles on either side of the matching tile or above the matching tile.

Sorting Layer Setup
	All objects are on the default layer. The objects are grouped as follows:
	-12	Ground
	-11	Ground Decoration
	-10	Path
	-9	Water
	-8	Sand
	-7	Ground shadow, most Prop Shadows										Defined as: shadows that rest on the ground.
	-6	Walls - Cliffs (1)
	-5	Walls - Cliffs (2)
	-4	Walls - Cliffs (3)
	-3	Walls - Cliffs (4)														Defined as: shadows that rest on walls.
	-2	Walls Shadow, Rock Prop Shadows
	-1	None
     0	Props

	This layer setup is used for demo purposes and may not reflect best practices for using layers or rendering sprites in production.

Placing Objects in the Scene
	We recommend one of these two options for maintaining crisp pixels while moving objects around the scene:
		1. Grid Snapping
			Set Size = 0.125 (1 pixel)
			You can change this setting in "Edit > Grid and Snap Settings > World Grid > Size."
		2. Grid and Snap Increment Snap
			Set Move = 0.125 (1 pixel) or 0.0625 (1/2 pixel)
			You can change this setting in "Edit > Grid and Snap Settings > Increment Snap > Move."
			Then hold "ctrl" while moving objects to increment their position based on the move setting.

Tile Palettes
	Tile Palettes are notated with DD for Desolate Desert. 
	This is to avoid conflicts when multiple Minifantasy packs are imported in a single project.

Prop Variants
	Props that have multiple variations include a script to switch between variants with ease. 
	To change between prop variants, find the DD "Prop" Script component on a prop prefab and use the selection dropdown.

Animated Water
	In the Rule & Animation Scene, the Canvas includes an Animation Panel. 
	This controls whether the Water tilemap in the demo scene is turned on or off.

Scripts
	None of the scripts included in this pack are necessary to use the basic pack contents.

	- Tumbleweed: moves the Tumbleweed across the scene using "transform.Translate"
	- CameraController: used to control the demo camera

	- WhitelistOverrideRuleTile: 
		- Used to allow adjustments to Rule Tiles. 
		- The tiles on the white list are allowed to be placed over the rule tile without breaking the rule tile's rules.

Game Display
	The demos were created using a 16:9 Aspect Ratio. 
	If you have issues with the game screen displaying incorrectly, try setting the display to 16:9 Aspect and the Scale to 1x.
	Also, try toggling the "Run In Edit Mode" button on the Pixel Perfect Camera component located on the Main Camera gameobject for crisp pixels in the game window while editing.

Minifantasy Characters
	You can find characters to add into the scene in the Free Dungeon Pack or in the Paid Minifantasy Creatures Pack.
		- Free Characters: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/environments/minifantasy-dungeon-super-low-res-2d-pixel-art-by-krishna-palaci-206693https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/environments/minifantasy-dungeon-super-low-res-2d-pixel-art-by-krishna-palaci-206693
		- Paid Characters: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/characters/minifantasy-creatures-super-low-res-2d-pixel-art-by-krishna-pala-210764

Questions
	If you have any questions or concerns, contact us at: krishna.palacio@gmail.com